hi everyone welcome back to the makeup
chair today I'm gonna show you guys how
to apply your foundation your bronzer
your highlighter your blush your
everything that goes on your face you
think one brush this is the F 2 inch by
Bank of miss cosmetics I've done this
video before but I wanted to update it
so I'm gonna show you guys how to use
this amazing brush if you have any other
brushes that you'd like me to show you
guys have to use please leave a comment
but let's get started with this one the
first thing that you want to do is to
apply your moisturizer and then you can
go ahead and ply your primer you want to
make sure that your primer is going on
top of your moisturizer because it's
usually linked to your foundation and
it's going to create a smoother base
that way and then let's move on to
foundation what I like to do with this
brush is I like to put the foundation on
the back of my hand or onto a pallet and
then what I do is kind of spread it out
very lightly and then dip the tip of the
brush the very tips of these little
bristles here into the foundation you
don't want to do is to apply a plump on
here or just like hit it into the
foundation because all you end up doing
is pushing the foundation deep inside
the brush that's not what we want to do
we want to get the very tip of these
very soft bristles covered in a little
bit of foundation so stipple it in just
like this just to pick it up and then
you want to start from the center of
your face and work outwards so wherever
you have a lot of kind of discoloration
or you need extra coverage then that's
where you want to start playing so start
applying there and you can do little
stippling motions and this create little
pixels just little dots all over the
face and by the time you're finished
you're gonna fill it all in so you
create this beautiful airbrush look when
you're going around the eyebrows and any
areas that have hairs on them what you
want to do is just to make sure there's
not too much foundation on there you can
either just dab it off the back of your
hand or you can wait till there's not
too much left and then go around those
areas and that way you don't end up with
little clumps or anything sticking to
those little hairs so now that our skin
is evened out by our foundation we can
go in with a little bit of concealer
just to add in the little areas that
might need a bit of extra coverage what
you want to do is just to make sure your
foundation just evens out your skin and
it doesn't kind of camouflage it and
gives it a huge heavy coverage your
concealer is there to hide things your
foundation is there to even things
so once you've applied your concealer
you can actually call back in with this
brush and just very lightly go over the
top of it and it will just make sure
that it's really well set onto the skin
and just create that beautiful
airbrushed look again I
when I leave the foundation for just a
couple of minutes until it sets and then
you can go in with your powder so I'm
using the by commas Cosmetics powder in
the white I've actually just taken this
out of the palette so if you see the
pallets they come when you buy the whole
thing but I've actually just departed
that once again he's not stippling
motion into the tip of the brush and
then I just blend over the face just to
set the makeup in place you can also use
downward strokes and this will just make
sure that any hairs on the face are
lying flat against the skin and then I
want to go in with a matte bronzer so
I'm using the same one from the same
palette but I just taken out again and
this time you want to roll one side of
the brush into the bronzer and you want
to go from the top of your ear towards
the corner of your mouth and just roll
this right into that hollow and then you
can just brush up slightly just to brush
it away the final step is to apply some
blush
I always keep this to last so that my
powder or my bronzer don't end up with
any pink tones in it so this is peaches
by Mac what you want to do is use the
whole brush top it in there and then go
on the apples of the cheeks and blend
upwards and that is how to do a full
face to make a VZ in one brush if
there's any other brushes that you'd
like to see a video on how to use it if
you don't know the name of the brush
don't worry you can just put in the type
of brush that it is just leave a comment
and I will see you guys in a video
really soon now what you want to do is
use the whoa that needs to go on your
face